Review alert rules creation (#2729)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/observability/configuration/_index.md

- **Manage permissions** with role-based access controls (RBAC) from your identity provider
- **Configure tenant lifecycle** including creation, management, and removal processes

[Multi-tenancy configuration]({{< relref "/overview/observability/configuration/multi-tenancy" >}}) affects all other platform components, making it essential to understand before configuring other areas.

### Organization management

> Manage your observability platform's organizational structure through **[`GrafanaOrganization`]({{< relref "/tutorials/observability/multi-tenancy/creating-grafana-organization" >}})** resources. Organization management enables you to:

Author: ```suggestion
Manage your observability platform's organizational structure through **[`GrafanaOrganization`]({{< relref "/overview/observability/configuration/multi-tenancy/creating-grafana-organization" >}})** resources. Organization management enables you to:
```

To begin configuring your observability platform:

> 1. **[Understand multi-tenancy]({{< relref "/tutorials/observability/multi-tenancy" >}})**: Work with your Giant Swarm account engineer to plan your data organization strategy

Author: ```suggestion
1. **[Understand multi-tenancy]({{< relref "/overview/observability/configuration/multi-tenancy" >}})**: Work with your Giant Swarm account engineer to plan your data organization strategy
```
